{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is a Skeleton Project from UDEMY IOS Swift course to demonstrate the use of In-App purchases.\
\
5/21/2021: Renamed skeleton project \
\
\
Created the New App as InspoQuoteJR NOT InspoQuotesJR as the latter already existed.  App ID etc created.\
\
I left off where I have to setup the type of IAP that will be used.  COntinue from there lesson 282.\
\
I5/26/2021: Resumed tutorial IAP - created this IAP for this APP - com.hotcoolapps.InspoQuotesJR.premiumQuotesJR \
\
\
6/2/2021: Completed through lesson 286 on Udemy course - ready to do sandbox testing.  Continue 287 where Angela shows how to create a sandbox user.  I may already have a sandbox user and may not need to actually create one.\
\
\
\
6/3/2021: App not running on my iphone.  Created Test users as gmail aliases with my regular @T0xxxx pword but tutorial instructions are not working for me.  Need to review how to run as sandbox users.\
Remember need to figure out how to sign in as sandbox user.  Sandbox user on iphone or mac not showing.  See this from apple https://developer.apple.com/documentation/storekit/in-app_purchase/testing_in-app_purchases_with_sandbox}